c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\obj\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests.pdb
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Repositories.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Entities.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Repositories.pdb
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.pdb
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Entities.pdb
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\obj\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\obj\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests.pdb
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
