c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\ASPMVCBoilerplate.dll.config
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\ASPMVCBoilerplate.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\ASPMVCBoilerplate.pdb
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\obj\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\obj\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.dll
c:\users\manuel.alberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\obj\Debug\ASPMVCBoilerplate.pdb
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Entities.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Services.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Repositories.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Services.pdb
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\ASPMVCBoilerplate.Repositories.pdb
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Manuel.Alberto\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ASPMVCBoilerplate\ASPMVCBoilerplate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
